Hello, here inside our project, when a user admin click on All post, he sees all post dashboard. You search, you search bar, you search post and filters, and new post, and when he click on new post, it works. So on our post dashboard, when a user click on the three dots for edit action, the edit function is not there, and the preview function too is not there, and the delay too is not also working. So we can't really take that also and fix it, but we want to have a real dynamic feature web application that works for real data, and also when we also come to the new post, when we click on new post, we are supposed to type what we need to type, but when we are typing, it is not working, it gets stuck when we type on with them, it gets stuck unless we click on the editor again and type again. We will fix that also. And also add media too, I think it is also not working, and preview too is also not working, those are under the new post, and I think preview too, save draft too is not also working. And tags too, I think there is a problem with that too. And also post options, feature post, allow comments too, that also is stuck, it is also not working. SEO settings also, there is also a problem when typing, in the method description also, we are all having the same problem. And besides the publish, next to save draft, the publish, when we click on the red dot there, the schedule post, when we click on it, it is also not working, and when we save assets template too, it is also not working. And when you use this, it is also not working. And the publish too, when we click on publish too, it is also not working. So when we come to categories, in categories too, when we click on new category too, we cannot also type and add and print the category also. We will fix that feature also. And also inside the categories and tags, when we click on the red dot action, we see edit, but when we click on edit, it is also not working, and the build too is also not working. And the same as the tags and the category post, and the search bar too, I think is also not working properly. We will fix that also too. Thank you.